Augustro Privacy PolicyPrivacy PolicyAugustro built its apps as commercial apps. This SERVICE is provided by Augustro and is intended for use as is.  This page is used to inform website visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Services.  If you choose to use our Services, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation with this policy. The information that we collect are used for providing and improving the Service. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.  The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible in our apps, unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.  Information Collection and Use  For a better experience while using our Service, We may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to email id, contacts information, location etc. The information that we request is retained on your device and is not collected by us in any way.  The app does use Google's firebase analytics that may collect information used to identify you. Google's Privacy policy: http://www.google.com/policies/privacy/partners/  Some of the apps also has ads by Google Admob. Please refer Admob's privacy policy here: https://policies.google.com/privacy  Log Data  We want to inform you that whenever you use our Service, in case of an error in the app we collect data and information (through third party products) on your phone called Log Data. This Log Data may include information such as your device's Internet Protocol address, device name, operating system version, configuration of the app when utilizing our Service, the time and date of your use of the Service, and other statistics.  Cookies  Cookies are files with small amount of data that is commonly used an anonymous unique identifier. These are sent to your browser from the website that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.  This Services does not uses these cookies explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use cookies to collect information and to improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies, and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.  Service Providers  We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:   To facilitate our Service;  To provide the Service on our behalf;  To perform Service-related services; or  To assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.  We want to inform users of this Service, that these third parties may have access to information we have with us. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.  Survey Serving Technology  This app uses Pollfish SDK. Pollfish is an on-line survey platform, through which, anyone may conduct surveys. Pollfish collaborates with Developers of applications for smartphones in order to have access to users of such applications and address survey questionnaires to them. When a user connects to this app, a specific set of user’s device data (including Advertising ID which will may be processed by Pollfish only in strict compliance with google play policies- and/or other device data) and response meta-data is automatically sent to Pollfish servers, in order for Pollfish to discern whether the user is eligible for a survey. For a full list of data received by Pollfish through this app, please read carefully Pollfish respondent terms located at https://www.pollfish.com/terms/respondent. These data will be associated with your answers to the questionnaires whenever Pollfish sents such questionnaires to eligible users. By downloading the application you accept this privacy policy document and you hereby give your consent for the processing by Pollfish of the aforementioned data. Furthermore, you are informed that you may disable Pollfish operation at any time by using the Pollfish “opt out section” available on Pollfish website . We once more invite you to check the respondent’s terms of use, if you wish to have more detailed view of the way Pollfish works.  APPLE, GOOGLE AND AMAZON ARE NOT A SPONSOR NOR ARE INVOLVED IN ANY WAY IN THIS CONTEST/DRAW. NO APPLE PRODUCTS ARE BEING USED AS PRIZES.  Security  We value your trust in providing us your information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.  Links to Other Sites  This Service may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.  Children's Privacy  This Services do not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personal identifiable information from children under 13. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, We immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do necessary actions.  Changes to This Privacy Policy  We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately, after they are posted on this page.  Contact Us  If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us using the mail address below.Email( Made with Carrd )