Privacy PolicyData CollectionAt the time you (a) register to the Wynk Music application ("Software") for using the services "Software", products and materials made available to you using the Software ("Service"), (b) make any payments related to your use of the Service, (c) download any content made available through the Service ("Content"), (d) update the Software, (e) share any information through the Software and/or (f) contact us through our help and support channels, we may ask you for your personal data (such as your name, telephone number, address, date of birth, credit card details (if required as mode of payment) certain unique identifiers, and any other information or data that can be used to identify or contact you) ("Personal Data"). By registering to the Service and/or using the Software / Content, you hereby agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and the terms in this privacy notice ("Privacy Notice") We also may automatically receive and track certain data about your mobile device (such as your device-type, time-zone, version of the operating system or Software currently installed, and language preference) or your activity logs from the use of the Service, Software and Content, and we may create a unique device ID for you so we can recognize you. Airtel may collect such non-identifiable information for gathering data on what parts of the Service / Software are of most interest to Users. In some cases, we can automatically detect your location data, but we will not use it unless you give us permission to do so. If you connect with any social networking site ("SNS"), we may also receive some data from that network (e.g. your SNS ID, name, profile picture, gender, age, locale and email address), which shall be deemed to be included within the meaning of your Personal Data. You are not required to provide the Personal Data. However, you agree that in that case we may not be able to provide you with our products or services or respond to any queries you may have.Use of Personal DataWe may use your Personal Data in accordance with the corresponding Terms of Use, and more particularly for the following purposes:to identify you from time to time, as required, and to validate your use of the Services,to provide you with the Services and the display of customized content, and targeted advertising both on our apps/websites and on other apps/websites that we advertise through,to communicate with the Software and Services and for resolving customer service issues,to determine when you link from our app / Software to one of our partner apps, so that we can monitor the level of traffic that we generate for our partner apps,to ensure the technical functioning of all our products and services,to protect the Software's copyright,to enforce our Terms of Use,to comply with laws, requests from a government bodies or courts, or to respond to litigation,to enable us to use a third party to perform surveys measuring your experiences and use of our services, to conduct internal auditing, data analysis, and research to improve our products and services,to share your Personal Data with Airtel's affiliates and group companies for any of the foregoing purposes, which affiliates may also combine your Personal Data with other information in this regard.We may also encrypt and/or aggregate your data with other users' data in order to create statistics about the general use of the Software and related websites, which helps us to develop new products and services. You understand that we may also share this aggregated data with our business partners and third party advertisers.Nothing anything else in this Privacy Notice, you understand that in order to comply with the applicable laws and contractual requirements, Airtel may be required to access your location data in order to ensure that your access to the Service is within a particular geographical territory. You hereby consent to such access by Airtel for the foregoing purposes. You sharing data with third partiesThird parties (such as companies who advertise through our apps) may require you to provide your personal data in order to access their products, advertisements and offers. If you visit or register for a third party product, advertisement or offer, we may pass some data about your device to that third party (e.g. your tag history and country of registration) so that they can send you offers. However, we will not pass your email address or other contact details to these third parties without your permission.Any third parties' use of your personal data is governed by their own privacy policy (which should be accessible from their website or application). If you do not want third parties to be able to access or use your personal data, you should not register for, click on or use the applicable third party application or product.Sharing with social networksIf you register to or use the Service using an SNS account, you allow Airtel to automatically share your activity, usage and activity-related stories with the Service, Software and Content. You understand that Airtel may post such information on your SNS profile/account. Airtel may also publish such information any other integrated or associated services of Airtel. For the purpose of identification, authentication and ease of access, Airtel may store your username and an access token or similar credentials obtained from such SNS/third party service.Airtel sharing data with third partiesAirtel may provide your Personal Data or any portion of it to Airtel's strategic partners that work with Airtel to provide products and services, or that help Airtel market its products and services to customers. Your Personal Data will only be shared by Airtel to provide or improve our products, services and advertising and not for marketing purposes of such third parties. You further acknowledge that Airtel may be required under law, legal process, litigation, and/or requests from public and governmental authorities to disclose your Personal Data.Further, Airtel payment processing partners /gateways may access you billing and shipping information (including your credit cards details, balance in your Airtel account, etc.) in relation to any payments that you make for using the Service. You agree that such third party partners of Airtel may receive such information directly from you. Such third parties' access and protection of your Personal Data will be in accordance with their privacy and security policies and Airtel will not be liable for the same in any way.Links to other websitesWe may display links to third party websites. Please note that we cannot control and cannot be held responsible for the activities of such websites. You should always read the privacy policy of a website to find out more about how personal data is collected and processed.Use of CookiesAirtel uses cookies and beacons to assist in delivering the service and to provide a positive and personalized user experience. Cookies are files sent to your browser from a web server and stored on your computer's hard drive. Our persistent and session ID Cookies are used to identify unique visitors and to provide a personalized user experience. Beacons are bits of code that function similar to cookies. Our beacons are embedded in outgoing emails and generate a call back to the Airtel server when such emails are opened. Airtel uses beacons to track the status of sent emails. If you do not wish to receive cookies, you may disable them.SecurityAirtel has implemented adequate and industry accepted processes designed to protect Personal Data and maintain security. It is the User's responsibility to protect the security of their login information. Airtel's servers are located in secure server environments. Firewalls and other advanced security technologies are employed to prevent interference or access from outside intruders. These safeguards help prevent unauthorized access, maintain data accuracy, and ensure the appropriate use of data.ChoiceThe Software/Service may allow you to choose the manner of and the extent to which you wish to disclose the Personal Data. You may also be allowed to disable some of the features that require sharing of Personal Data.Changes to Privacy PolicyAirtel reserves the right to make changes to this Privacy Policy, and will post any revisions on this page.